## New Words
1. blessing
    - something good that you feel very grateful or lucky to have
        * Work is a blessing.
0. subsistence
    - the state of having just enough money or food to stay alive
        * subsistence farm
        * subsistence economy
        * subsistence agriculture
0. sugar cane
    - a tall tropical plant with thick stems from which sugar is made
        * grow sugar cane
0. corn
    - a tall plant grown in many parts of the world for its yellow seeds, which are eaten as food, made into flour, or fed to animals
        * grow corn
        * corn-fed chickens
        * Do you feed your chickens corn?
        * The corn was cut and tied in sheaves.    
    - (the seeds of) plants, such as wheat(小麦), maize(玉米), oats(燕麦), and barley(大麦), that can be used to produce flour
        * a sheaf of corn
        * grains of corn
0. hog
    - a pig, esp. one allowed to grow large so that it can be used as food
    - a person who takes more than necessary of something, esp. food
        * Don't be a hog - take only as much as you can eat.
    - take or use more than necessary of something
        * He's always hogging the newpaper (= using it so that no one else can read it).
        * He's always hogging the bathroom (= spending too much time in the bathroom, so that no one else can use it).  
        * hog the road
    + go hog wild
        * There is no need to go hog wild just because it's Sarah's birthday.
0. cash
    - money in the form of notes/bills and coins, rather than cheques or credit cards
        * Will you pay by credit card or in cash?
0. dairy
    - connected with the production of milk rather than meat
        * dairy farm
        * dairy farmers
        * dairy products
        * dairy cattle
    - a place on a farm that milk is kept and cheese and butter are made
    - a company that supplies milk and products made from milk
    - food that are made from milk, such as cream, butter, and cheese
        * a dairy-free diet
        * I was advised not to eat too much dairy.
        * She eats no meat and very little dairy.
        * I only buy nonfat dairy products.
0. complain
    - to say that something is wrong or not satisfactory
        * You're always complaining!
        * Lots of people have complained about the noise.
        * Over three hundred listners phoned in to complain about the programme.
        * He complained that his PC was too slowly and it wasted too much time.
    - to tell someone formally that something is wrong
        * If the service was so bad why didn't you complain to the manager?
    + complain that
    + complain to somebody about something
    + complain to somebody
    + complain about something 
    + complain of something
        - to say that you feel ill/sick or you're suffering from a pain
        * She left early, complaining of a headache.
        * If you just state that you have a headache, where the pain is, and when it started, that would be more in line with complaining of a headache. 
    + complainingly
        * "You always walk too fast for me," she said complainingly.
0. carpenter
    - a person whose job is making or repairing wooden objects or structures
0. committed
    - loyal and willing to give your time and energy to something
        * a committed socialist 坚定的社会主义者
        * a committed Christian 虔诚的基督徒
        * a committed teacher 尽职尽责的老师
0. brick
    - a rectangular block of hard material used for building walls and houses
        * red-brick houses
        * a high brick wall
        * The chimney was made of bricks.
        * He was so embarrassed - his face went brick-red (= a dark red).
    - an electronic device, such as a smartphone, that cannot be used at all
        * Without a fast connection, your tablet turns into a brick.
    - to cause a problem in an electronic device so that it cannot be used at all; to develop a problem like this
        * The update wiped out users' applications, and bricked some phones.
        * I saw a warning message, then the phone bricked.
    + brick up sth
        - to build a wall of bricks around something, or to fill something with bricks
        * The doors and windows had been bricked up to prevent squatters from getting in.
    + bricks and clicks
        - a business model by which a company integrates both offline (bricks) and online (clicks) presences 
        * Traditinal stores are now pursuing a bricks and clicks strategy. 
    + make bricks without straw 无米之炊
    + You can't make bricks without straw. 巧妇难为无米之炊
0. hammer
    - a tool consisting of a piece of metal with a flat end that is fixed onto the end a long, thin, usually wooden handle, used for hitting tings
        * She took a hammer and knocked a hole in the wall
    - to hit something with a hammer
        * I'm hammering a nail into the door.
        * I could hear you hammering upstairs.
    - to hit or kick something with a lot of force
        * I was woken up suddenly by the sound of someone hammering on/at the front door.
        * He hammered the ball into the net, giving France a 3-2 win over Italy.
    - to defeat someone completely in a game or a fight
        * They were hammered in both games.
    - to criticize someone or something strongly
        * Her latest film has been hammered by the critics.
0. escort
    - to go with a person or vehical, especially to make sure he/she/it leaves or arrives safely
        * Security guards escorted the intruder from the building.
        * The police escorted her to the airport, and made sure that she left the country.
    - a person or group of people or vehicles that travels wiht somebody/something in order to protect or guard them
        * a military escort
        * a police escorti
0. remind
    - to help somebody remember something, especially something important that they must do
        * It reminded me of my father's words: To work is a blessing.
    + remind sb of sth/sb
0. victim
    - someone or something that has been hurt, damaged, or killed or has suffered, either because of the actions of someone or something else, or because of illness or chance
        * hurricane/flood victims
        * victims of crime
        * victims of the ideology of terrorism
        * victims of pool health
        * victims of socail unrest
        * victims of depression
        * Our local hospital has become the latest victim of the cuts in goverment spending.
        * She claimed to have been a victim of child abuse.
    + fall victim to sth
        - to be hurt, damaged, or killed because of something or someone
        * The company has fallen victim to increased competition.
    + be a victim of your own success
        - to have problems because of your success
0. ideology
    - a set of beliefs or principles, especially one on which a political system, party, or organization is based
        * socialist ideology
        * capitalist ideology
        * two opposing ideologies
        * The people are caught between two opposing ideologies.
0. terrorism
    - 
0. daylight
    - the time when light first appears in the sky at the beginning of a day
    - before daylight
0. eke out
    - to obtain or win something only with difficulty or great effort
    - eke out a living
0. have a feeling
    - I had a feeling I had been told something really important.
0. sink in
    - (of words or facts)to be fully understood or realized
    - Peter read the letter twice before its meaning sank in.
0. privilege
    - a rare privilege
    - a special privilege
    - Education is a right, not a privilege.
0. pick something to study that I like doing
0. look forward to sth
    - look forward to seeing you
    - look forward to the trip
0. a visit to Bangladesh
0. break bricks with a hammer
0. a military escort
0. put sb out of work
    - Milions were put out of work during the Depression.
0. earn enough money
0. feed herself and her baby
0. keep a small family alive
0. remind sb of sth
    - It reminded me of my father's words.
0. serving in the U.S. Army
0. come to believe
    - I have come to believe that people without jobs are not free.
0. victim
    - victims of crime
0. ideology
    - the ideology of terrorism
0. victims of the ideology of terrorism
0. victims of social unrest
0. illegal immigrants
0. human trafficking
0. slaves of human trafficking
0. drug dealers
0. street gang members
0. over and over again
0. U.S. border
0. send their kids to school
0. a sense of pride
    - develop a send of pride
0. contribute to the community
0. We're blessed
0. quit working
0. retire from the Army
0. be prepared for
    - to be ready and able to deal with something
0. do a little farming someday
0. believe in
    - believe in my father's words
    - believe in the blessing of work
## Phrases / Expressions
1. bring in

## Phases
1. grow
    - grow up
    - grow cotton,
    - grow sugar cane
    - grow hogs, chickens
0. cereals
    * wheat, barley, rye, rice, maize, oats, millet
0. milk cows

## Key Sentences
1. Even having a job you hate is better than not having a job at all.
0. What started out as an obligation to the Army became a way of life that I stayed committed to for 37 years, three months and 3 days.

